Fix grammar and clarity in the contributing guide [ci skip] (#41875)
rails/rails: guides/source/contributing_to_ruby_on_rails.md

### Verifying Bug Reports

For starters, it helps just to verify bug reports. Can you reproduce the reported issue on your computer? If so, you can add a comment to the issue saying that you're seeing the same thing.

If an issue is very vague, can you help narrow it down to something more specific? Maybe you can provide additional information to help reproduce a bug or help eliminate unnecessary steps that aren't required to demonstrate the problem.

If you find a bug report without a test, it's very useful to contribute a failing test. This is also a great way to explore the source code: looking at the existing test files will teach you how to write more tests. New tests are best contributed in the form of a patch, as explained later on in the "[Contributing to the Rails Code](#contributing-to-the-rails-code)" section.

Anything you can do to make bug reports more succinct or easier to reproduce helps folks trying to write code to fix those bugs - whether you end up writing the code yourself or not.

### Testing Patches

> You can also help out by examining pull requests that have been submitted to Ruby on Rails via GitHub. In order to apply someone's changes, you need first to create a dedicated branch:

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
You can also help out by examining pull requests that have been submitted to Ruby on Rails via GitHub. In order to apply someone's changes, you first need to create a dedicated branch:
```

Reviewer: Or even maybe even:
```suggestion
You can also help out by examining pull requests that have been submitted to Ruby on Rails via GitHub. In order to apply someone's changes, first create a dedicated branch:
```

For changes that might have an impact on performance, please benchmark your
code and measure the impact. Please share the benchmark script you used as well
as the results. You should consider including this information in your commit
message, allowing future contributors to easily verify your findings and
determine if they are still relevant. (For example, future optimizations in the
Ruby VM might render certain optimizations unnecessary.)

> It is very easy to optimize performance for a
> specific scenario you care about but regresses on other common cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When optimizing for a specific scenario that you care about, it is easy to 
regress performance for other common cases.
```

Therefore, you should test your change against a list of representative

> scenarios. Ideally, you should extract them from real-world production applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
scenarios, ideally extracted from real-world production applications.
```

### Running Tests

It is not customary in Rails to run the full test suite before pushing

> changes. The railties test suite, in particular, takes a long time and takes an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
changes. The railties test suite, in particular, takes a long time, and will take an
```

especially long time if the source code is mounted in `/vagrant` as happens in
the recommended workflow with the [rails-dev-box](https://github.com/rails/rails-dev-box).

> As a compromise, test what your code directly affects, and if the change is

Reviewer 2: I think "obviously" is the right word here because we're asking the reader to do something based on what is obvious to them.

```suggestion
As a compromise, test what your code obviously affects, and if the change is
```

### Updating the Gemfile.lock

> Some changes result in dependency upgrades. In these cases, make sure you run `bundle update` to get the correct version of the dependency and commit the `Gemfile.lock` file within your changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some changes require dependency upgrades. In these cases, make sure you run `bundle update` to get the correct version of the dependency and commit the `Gemfile.lock` file within your changes.
```

```

This should fire up your editor to write a commit message. When you have
finished, save, and close to continue.

A well-formatted and descriptive commit message is very helpful to others for

> understanding why the change happened, so please take the time to write it.

Reviewer: I'm not sure commits 'happen'. I think I prefer 'was made'.

Note that your pull request may be marked as "Approved" by somebody who does not
have access to merge it. Further changes may still be required before members of
the core or committer teams accept it. To prevent confusion, when giving
feedback on someone else's pull request, please avoid marking it as "Approved."

### Iterate as Necessary

It's entirely possible that the feedback you get will suggest changes. Don't get discouraged: the whole point of contributing to an active open source project is to tap into the community's knowledge. If people encourage you to tweak your code, then it's worth making the tweaks and resubmitting. If the feedback is that your code doesn't belong in the core, you might still think about releasing it as a gem.

#### Squashing Commits

One of the things that we may ask you to do is to "squash your commits", which

> will combine your commits into a single commit. We prefer pull requests

Reviewer 2: I prefer the explicit language of the original here as well.

```suggestion
will combine all of your commits into a single commit. We prefer pull requests
```

### Older Versions of Ruby on Rails

> If you want to add a fix to older versions of Ruby on Rails, you'll need to set up and switch to your local tracking branch. Here is an example to switch to the 4-0-stable branch:

Reviewer 2: I think the "own" emphasizes that the user needs to create a new branch, if they haven't already.

```suggestion
If you want to add a fix to older versions of Ruby on Rails, you'll need to set up and switch to your own local tracking branch. Here is an example to switch to the 4-0-stable branch:
```

#### Backporting

> Changes that are merged into main are intended for the next major release of Rails. Sometimes, it might be beneficial for your changes to propagate back to older stable branches' maintenance releases. Generally, security fixes and bug fixes are good candidates for a backport, while new features and patches that introduce a behavior change will not be accepted. When in doubt, it is best to consult a Rails team member before backporting your changes to avoid wasted effort.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Changes that are merged into main are intended for the next major release of Rails. Sometimes, it might be beneficial to propagate your changes back to older stable branches for inclusion in maintenance releases. Generally, security fixes and bug fixes are good candidates for a backport, while new features and patches that change expected behavior will not be accepted. When in doubt, it is best to consult a Rails team member before backporting your changes to avoid wasted effort.
```
